README.md, before:

# HNG STAGE ZERO TASK - Profile Card

## Overview

This project is a **Profile Card** built using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**. It displays essential user information, including a profile picture, name, job title, bio, location, email, social links, and dynamically updating time.

## Features

- **Profile Picture** (Responsive and maintains aspect ratio)
- **Full Name**
- **Job Title**
- **Short Bio**
- **Social Links** (LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter)
- **Hobbies**
- **Dislikes**
- **Current Time** (Auto-updates every second)

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5** (Markup structure)
- **CSS3** (Styling and layout)
- **JavaScript** (Dynamic UTC time display)
- **Cloudinary** (To save avatar)

## Installation & Usage

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have a modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.) installed.

### Steps to Run Locally

1. Clone this repository or download the `index.html` file.
   ```sh
   git clone <https://github.com/Ejiro-Frances/hng13-stage-zero-profile-card.git>
   ```
2. Open the project folder and locate `index.html`.
3. Open `index.html` in a browser.

### Customization

- Replace `src` with a link to your own image.
- Edit the name, job title, bio, location, email, and social links directly in the HTML file.

## File Structure

```
📂 Profile Card Project
│── index.html  # Main profile card HTML file
│── style.css   # CSS file for styling
└── script.js   # Javascript file

```

## Testing

Each required element includes a `data-testid` attribute for easy testing:

- **Profile card container**: `data-testid="test-profile-card`
- **Profile Picture**: `data-testid="test-user-avatar"`
- **Full Name**: `data-testid="test-user-name"`
- **Job Title**: `data-testid="test-user-job"`
- **Short Bio**: `data-testid="test-user-bio"`
- **Social Links**: ` data-testid="test-user-social-links"`
- **Current UTC Time**: `data-testid="test-user-time"`

## License

This project is open-source and available under the **MIT License**.

## Contact

For any inquiries or contributions, feel free to reach out:
📧 Email: francesejiro@yahoo.com  
🔗 LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejiro-francess-ejoh](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejiro-francess-ejoh)  
🐙 GitHub: [https://www.github.com/Ejiro-Frances](https://www.github.com/Ejiro-Frances)  
🐦 X (formerly twitter): [https://www.x.com/france_ssa](https://www.x.com/france_ssa)

---

Commit message:

added keyboard navigation, updated README to have live and github links

README.md, after:

# HNG STAGE ZERO TASK - Profile Card

## Overview

This project is a **Profile Card** built using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**. It displays essential user information, including a profile avatar, name, job role, bio, social links, hobbies, dislikes and dynamically updating time.

This was built to complete the stage zero task for HNGi13.

## Features

- **Profile Picture** (Responsive and maintains aspect ratio)
- **Full Name**
- **Current Time** (Auto-updates every second)
- **Job Role**
- **Short Bio**
- **Social Links** (LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter)
- **Hobbies**
- **Dislikes**

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5** (Markup structure)
- **CSS3** (Styling and layout)
- **JavaScript** (Dynamic UTC time display)
- **Cloudinary** (To save avatar)

## Demo

This project can be view live [here](https://ejiro-frances.github.io/hng13-stage-zero-profile-card/)

The code can be found in the [repository](https://github.com/Ejiro-Frances/hng13-stage-zero-profile-card.git)

## Installation & Usage

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have a modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.) installed.

### Steps to Run Locally

1. Clone this repository or download the `index.html` file.

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Ejiro-Frances/hng13-stage-zero-profile-card.git
   ```

2. Open the project folder and locate `index.html`.
3. Open `index.html` in a browser.

### Customization

- Replace `src` with a link to your own image.
- Edit the name, job role, bio, social links, hobbies and dislikes directly in the HTML file.

## File Structure

```
📂 Profile Card Project
│── index.html  # Main profile card HTML file
│── style.css   # CSS file for styling
└── script.js   # Javascript file

```

## Testing

Each required element includes a `data-testid` attribute for easy testing:

- **Profile card container**: `data-testid="test-profile-card`
- **Profile Picture**: `data-testid="test-user-avatar"`
- **Full Name**: `data-testid="test-user-name"`
- **Job Role**: `data-testid="test-user-job"`
- **Short Bio**: `data-testid="test-user-bio"`
- **Social Links**: ` data-testid="test-user-social-links"`
- **Hobbies**: `data-testid="test-user-hobbies"`
- **Dislikes**:`data-testid="test-user-dislikes"`
- **Current Time**: `data-testid="test-user-time"`

## License

This project is open-source and available under the **MIT License**.

## Contact

For any inquiries or contributions, feel free to reach out:

📧 Email: francesejiro@yahoo.com  
🔗 LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejiro-francess-ejoh](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejiro-francess-ejoh)  
🐙 GitHub: [https://www.github.com/Ejiro-Frances](https://www.github.com/Ejiro-Frances)  
🐦 X (formerly twitter): [https://www.x.com/france_ssa](https://www.x.com/france_ssa)
